neural networks are one of the most
powerful learning algorithms that we
have today in this and in the next few
videos I'd like to start talking about a
learning algorithm for fitting the
parameters of a neural network given a
training set as with the discussion of
most of our learning algorithms we're
going to begin by talking about a cost
function for fitting the parameters of
the network I'm going to focus on the
application of neural networks to
classification problems so suppose we
have a network like that shown on the
left and suppose we have a training set
like this of X I comma Y I pairs of M
training examples I'm going to use
uppercase L to denote the total number
of layers in this network so for the
network shown on the Left we would have
capital L equals 4 and I'm going to use
s subscript L to denote the number of
units that is the number of neurons not
counting the bias unit in layer L of the
network so for example we would have a s
1 which is the input layer equals has 3
units as 2 in my example as 5 units and
the output layer as 4 which is also
equal to SL because capital L is equal
to 4 the output layer in my example the
left has 4 units we're going to consider
two types of classification problems the
first is binary classification where the
labels Y are either 0 or 1 in this case
we would have one output unit so this
neural network on top has four output
units but if we have binary
classification we would have only one
output unit that computes H of X
and the outputs of the neural network
will be H of X is going to be a real
number and in this case the number of
output units s L where L is again the
index of the final layer because that's
the number of layers we have in the
network but so the number of units we
have in the output layer is going to be
equal to 1 in this case to simplify
notation later among also going to set K
equals 1 so you can think of K is also
denoting the number of units in the
upper layer the second type of
classification problem consider will be
multi-class classification problem where
we may have K distinct two classes so
our earlier example I had this
representation for Y if we had four
classes and in this case we would have
capital K output units and our
hypothesis or output vectors that are K
dimensional and the number of output
units will be equal to K and usually we
would have K greater than or equal to 3
in this case because if we had two
classes then you know we don't need to
use the one versus all method we need to
use the one versus all method only if we
have K greater than or equal to three
classes so we had only two classes we
will need to use over one output unit
now let's define a cost function for our
neural network the cost function we use
for the neural network is going to be a
generalization of the one that we use
for which is the regression for logistic
regression and we use to minimize the
cost function J of theta that was minus
1 over M of this cost function and then
plus this extra regularization term here
where this was a sum from J equals 1
through n because we did not regularize
the bias term theta 0 for a neural
network our cost function is going to be
a generalization of this where instead
of having basically just one logistic
regression output unit we may instead
have K of them so here's our cost
function our own network now outputs
vectors in RK
where k might be equal to one if we have
a binary classification problem I'm
going to use this notation a curve X
subscript I to denote the if-- output
that is H of X is a K dimensional vector
and so this subscript I just selects out
the I've element of the vector that is
output by my new network my cost
function J of theta is now going to be
the following is minus 1 over m of a sum
of a similar term to what we have the
logistic regression except that we have
this sum from k equals 1 through K this
summation is basically a sum over my K
output unit so if I have four output
units that is that the final layer of my
neural network has four output units
then this sum from this is the sum from
k equals one through four of basically
the logistic regression algorithms cost
function but summing that cost function
over each of my four output units in
turn and so you notice in particular
that this applies to YK HK because we're
basically taking the Cape upper unit and
comparing that to the value of YK which
is a you know that which is that one of
those vectors say what class it should
be and finally the second term here is
the regularization term similar to what
we had for logistic regression the
summation terms look looks really
complicated but always doing is the
summing over these terms theta Jil for
all values of I J and L except that we
don't sum over the terms corresponding
to these bias values like we had for
logistic regression concretely we don't
sum over the terms corresponding to
where I is equal to 0 so that is because
when we are computing the activation of
a neuron we have terms like these theta
i 0 plus
theta I 1 X 1 plus and so on we're
against crema 2 there this is the first
hidden there and so the values of a 0
there that corresponds to something that
multiplies into an X 0 or a 0 and so
this is kind of like the bias unit and
by analogy to what we were doing for
logistic regression we won't sum over
those terms in our regularization term
because we don't want to regularize that
man strange a value 0 but this is just
one possible convention and even if you
were to sum over you know I equals 0 up
to SL will work about the same and it
doesn't make a big difference but maybe
this convention of not regularizing the
bias term is just like the more common
so that's the cost function we're going
to use the filler neural network in the
next video we'll start to talk about an
algorithm for trying to optimize the
cost function